Ahhh
Ah Xiao Wu
Xiao Wu
Wake up, wake up, Xiao Wu
Dude, where did some stink come from?
domineering
What are brothers doing for Brother Dao?
Ah!
I miss the woman you want to save is in my hands
I tell you to be my sister-in-law
Then tell me.
What is your relationship with Qinglong?
What blue dragon?
I don't know him.
That's ridiculous.
You have to save this woman, she is Qinglong's woman
You don't know Qinglong
Nonsense
Miss Sun is my eldest brother's woman
So stupid
The brother who passed away doesn't trust you at all
Stem cell animals like him
It's too easy to be played by the blue dragon
You look smart and powerful
If it weren't for the fact that you couldn't deal with my big brother
Why did you arrest my sister-in-law again?
Absurd tactics like yours
I can't do it as a jerk
Why was I right?
If you have the guts, let my sister-in-law go
I'm my eldest brother's brother.
Come to me if you have the ability
Sure enough, he is Qinglong's good brother
What do you want?
crazy